Fix state prep operation decomposition with `LightningQubit` (#661)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Fix random `coverage xml` CI issues.
  [(#635)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/635)

> * `lightning.qubit` correctly decomposed state preparation operations with adjoint differentiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Skip the decomposition of state preparation operations with adjoint differentiation in `lightning.qubit`.
```

>   [(#)]()

Reviewer: :eyes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [(#661)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/661)
```
